plugins/callback/hipchat.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/connection/lxc.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/module_utils/compat/ipaddress.py no-assert
plugins/module_utils/compat/ipaddress.py no-unicode-literals
plugins/module_utils/_mount.py future-import-boilerplate
plugins/module_utils/_mount.py metaclass-boilerplate
plugins/modules/cloud/centurylink/clc_alert_policy.py validate-modules:no-default-for-required-parameter
plugins/modules/cloud/centurylink/clc_alert_policy.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/centurylink/clc_blueprint_package.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/centurylink/clc_firewall_policy.py validate-modules:no-default-for-required-parameter
plugins/modules/cloud/centurylink/clc_firewall_policy.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/centurylink/clc_loadbalancer.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/centurylink/clc_modify_server.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/centurylink/clc_publicip.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/centurylink/clc_server.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/centurylink/clc_server_snapshot.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/docker/docker_container.py use-argspec-type-path # uses colon-separated paths, can't use type=path
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gcdns_record.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_eip.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_eip.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_img.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_instance_template.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_instance_template.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_instance_template.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_labels.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_lb.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_lb.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_mig.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_mig.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_net.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_net.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_pd.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_pd.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_snapshot.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_snapshot.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_tag.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gce_tag.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gcp_backend_service.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gcp_backend_service.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gcp_forwarding_rule.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gcp_healthcheck.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gcp_healthcheck.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gcp_target_proxy.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gcp_url_map.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gcpubsub.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/google/gcpubsub_info.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/cloud/heroku/heroku_collaborator.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_cdi_upload.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_cdi_upload.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_cdi_upload.py validate-modules:mutually_exclusive-unknown
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_cdi_upload.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_preset.py validate-modules:mutually_exclusive-unknown
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_preset.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_preset.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_pvc.py validate-modules:mutually_exclusive-unknown
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_pvc.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_pvc.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_pvc.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_rs.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_rs.py validate-modules:mutually_exclusive-unknown
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_rs.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_rs.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_template.py validate-modules:mutually_exclusive-unknown
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_template.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_vm.py validate-modules:mutually_exclusive-unknown
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_vm.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/kubevirt/kubevirt_vm.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/linode/linode.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/linode/linode.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/linode/linode.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cloud/linode/linode_v4.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/lxc/lxc_container.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/cloud/lxc/lxc_container.py use-argspec-type-path
plugins/modules/cloud/lxc/lxc_container.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/lxc/lxc_container.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/lxc/lxc_container.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/lxc/lxc_container.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/cloud/lxc/lxc_container.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/lxc/lxc_container.py validate-modules:use-run-command-not-popen
plugins/modules/cloud/lxd/lxd_container.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/lxd/lxd_container.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/lxd/lxd_container.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/cloud/lxd/lxd_container.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/lxd/lxd_container.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/lxd/lxd_container.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cloud/lxd/lxd_profile.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/lxd/lxd_profile.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/lxd/lxd_profile.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/misc/rhevm.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/cloud/oneandone/oneandone_firewall_policy.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/oneandone/oneandone_load_balancer.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/oneandone/oneandone_monitoring_policy.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/oneandone/oneandone_private_network.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/oneandone/oneandone_server.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/online/online_server_facts.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cloud/online/online_server_facts.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/online/online_server_info.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cloud/online/online_server_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/online/online_user_facts.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cloud/online/online_user_facts.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/online/online_user_info.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cloud/online/online_user_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/opennebula/one_host.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/opennebula/one_host.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/opennebula/one_host.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/opennebula/one_image.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/opennebula/one_image_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/opennebula/one_image_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/opennebula/one_service.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/opennebula/one_vm.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/opennebula/one_vm.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/oracle/oci_vcn.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_affinity_label_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_affinity_label_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_api_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_cluster_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_cluster_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_datacenter_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_datacenter_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_disk_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_disk_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_event_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_external_provider_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_external_provider_facts.py validate-modules:no-default-for-required-parameter
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_external_provider_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_external_provider_facts.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_group_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_group_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_host_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_host_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_host_storage_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_host_storage_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_host_storage_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_network_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_network_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_nic_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_nic_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_permission_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_permission_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_quota_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_quota_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_scheduling_policy_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_scheduling_policy_facts.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_scheduling_policy_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_snapshot_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_snapshot_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_storage_domain_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_storage_domain_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_storage_template_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_storage_template_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_storage_template_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_storage_vm_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_storage_vm_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_storage_vm_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_tag_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_tag_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_template_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_template_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_user_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_user_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_vm_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_vm_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_vm_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_vmpool_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/ovirt/ovirt_vmpool_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/packet/packet_device.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/packet/packet_device.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/packet/packet_device.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/packet/packet_ip_subnet.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cloud/packet/packet_sshkey.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/packet/packet_sshkey.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/packet/packet_sshkey.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cloud/packet/packet_volume_attachment.py pylint:ansible-bad-function
plugins/modules/cloud/packet/packet_volume_attachment.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cloud/profitbricks/profitbricks.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/profitbricks/profitbricks_nic.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/profitbricks/profitbricks_volume.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/profitbricks/profitbricks_volume.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/profitbricks/profitbricks_volume.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cloud/pubnub/pubnub_blocks.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/rackspace/rax.py use-argspec-type-path # fix needed
plugins/modules/cloud/rackspace/rax.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/rackspace/rax.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/rackspace/rax.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cloud/rackspace/rax_cdb_user.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/rackspace/rax_files.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/cloud/rackspace/rax_files_objects.py use-argspec-type-path
plugins/modules/cloud/rackspace/rax_mon_notification_plan.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/rackspace/rax_scaling_group.py use-argspec-type-path # fix needed
plugins/modules/cloud/rackspace/rax_scaling_group.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_compute.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_image_facts.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_image_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_ip_facts.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_ip_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_lb.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_organization_facts.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_organization_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_security_group_facts.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_security_group_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_server_facts.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_server_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_snapshot_facts.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_snapshot_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_volume_facts.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/scaleway/scaleway_volume_info.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/cloud/smartos/imgadm.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/smartos/imgadm.py validate-modules:no-default-for-required-parameter
plugins/modules/cloud/smartos/smartos_image_info.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/smartos/vmadm.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/smartos/vmadm.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/smartos/vmadm.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cloud/smartos/vmadm.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/smartos/vmadm.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/smartos/vmadm.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cloud/softlayer/sl_vm.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/spotinst/spotinst_aws_elastigroup.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/spotinst/spotinst_aws_elastigroup.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/spotinst/spotinst_aws_elastigroup.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/spotinst/spotinst_aws_elastigroup.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cloud/spotinst/spotinst_aws_elastigroup.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/spotinst/spotinst_aws_elastigroup.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/spotinst/spotinst_aws_elastigroup.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_dns_record.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_dns_record.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_dns_zone.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_dns_zone.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_dns_zone.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_dns_zone.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_group.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_group.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_share.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_share.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_share.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_share.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_user.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_user.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_user.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/univention/udm_user.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_app.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_db.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_domain.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_domain.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_domain.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_mailbox.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_site.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_site.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/cloud/webfaction/webfaction_site.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/xenserver/xenserver_guest.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/cloud/xenserver/xenserver_guest.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/cloud/xenserver/xenserver_guest.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/cloud/xenserver/xenserver_guest.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/cloud/xenserver/xenserver_guest.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/cloud/xenserver/xenserver_guest.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/clustering/consul/consul.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/clustering/consul/consul.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/clustering/consul/consul.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/clustering/consul/consul_acl.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/clustering/consul/consul_acl.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/clustering/consul/consul_acl.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/clustering/consul/consul_kv.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/clustering/consul/consul_kv.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/clustering/consul/consul_session.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/clustering/consul/consul_session.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/clustering/etcd3.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/clustering/etcd3.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/clustering/pacemaker_cluster.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/clustering/pacemaker_cluster.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/clustering/znode.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/clustering/znode.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/clustering/znode.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/database/aerospike/aerospike_migrations.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/database/misc/elasticsearch_plugin.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/database/misc/elasticsearch_plugin.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/database/misc/elasticsearch_plugin.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/database/misc/kibana_plugin.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/database/misc/kibana_plugin.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/database/misc/kibana_plugin.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/database/misc/redis.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/database/misc/redis.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/database/misc/riak.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/database/misc/riak.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/database/misc/riak.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/database/mssql/mssql_db.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/database/mssql/mssql_db.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/database/postgresql/postgresql_db.py use-argspec-type-path
plugins/modules/database/postgresql/postgresql_db.py validate-modules:use-run-command-not-popen
plugins/modules/database/postgresql/postgresql_privs.py validate-modules:parameter-documented-multiple-times
plugins/modules/database/postgresql/postgresql_tablespace.py validate-modules:mutually_exclusive-unknown
plugins/modules/database/postgresql/postgresql_user.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/database/vertica/vertica_configuration.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/database/vertica/vertica_configuration.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/database/vertica/vertica_info.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/database/vertica/vertica_role.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/database/vertica/vertica_role.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/database/vertica/vertica_schema.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/database/vertica/vertica_schema.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/database/vertica/vertica_user.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/database/vertica/vertica_user.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/files/iso_extract.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/files/xml.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/files/xml.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/identity/ipa/ipa_hbacrule.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/identity/keycloak/keycloak_client.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/identity/keycloak/keycloak_client.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/identity/keycloak/keycloak_client.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/identity/keycloak/keycloak_client.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/identity/keycloak/keycloak_client.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/identity/keycloak/keycloak_clienttemplate.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/identity/keycloak/keycloak_clienttemplate.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/identity/keycloak/keycloak_clienttemplate.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/identity/keycloak/keycloak_clienttemplate.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/identity/onepassword_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/identity/opendj/opendj_backendprop.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/identity/opendj/opendj_backendprop.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/monitoring/bigpanda.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/monitoring/bigpanda.py validate-modules:invalid-argument-name
plugins/modules/monitoring/datadog/datadog_event.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/monitoring/datadog/datadog_monitor.py validate-modules:invalid-argument-name
plugins/modules/monitoring/datadog/datadog_monitor.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/monitoring/icinga2_host.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/monitoring/librato_annotation.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/monitoring/logstash_plugin.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/monitoring/pagerduty.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/monitoring/sensu/sensu_check.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/monitoring/sensu/sensu_client.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/monitoring/sensu/sensu_handler.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/monitoring/statusio_maintenance.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/monitoring/statusio_maintenance.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/net_tools/cloudflare_dns.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/dnsimple.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/net_tools/dnsmadeeasy.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/dnsmadeeasy.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/dnsmadeeasy.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/ip_netns.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/ipinfoio_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/ipinfoio_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/ldap/ldap_attr.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc  # This triggers when a parameter is undocumented
plugins/modules/net_tools/ldap/ldap_attr.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter # Parameter removed but reason for removal is shown by custom code
plugins/modules/net_tools/ldap/ldap_entry.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/ldap/ldap_entry.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/ldap/ldap_entry.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter # Parameter removed but reason for removal is shown by custom code
plugins/modules/net_tools/ldap/ldap_passwd.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/ldap/ldap_passwd.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/netcup_dns.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/netcup_dns.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_a_record.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_a_record.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_a_record.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_a_record.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_a_record.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_a_record.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_aaaa_record.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_aaaa_record.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_aaaa_record.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_aaaa_record.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_aaaa_record.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_aaaa_record.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_cname_record.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_cname_record.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_cname_record.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_cname_record.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_cname_record.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_cname_record.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_dns_view.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_dns_view.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_dns_view.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_dns_view.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_dns_view.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_dns_view.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_fixed_address.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_fixed_address.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_fixed_address.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_fixed_address.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_fixed_address.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_fixed_address.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_fixed_address.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_host_record.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_host_record.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_host_record.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_host_record.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_host_record.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_host_record.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_host_record.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_host_record.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_member.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_member.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_member.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_member.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_member.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_member.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_member.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_member.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_mx_record.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_mx_record.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_mx_record.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_mx_record.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_mx_record.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_mx_record.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_naptr_record.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_naptr_record.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_naptr_record.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_naptr_record.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_naptr_record.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_naptr_record.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_network.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_network.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_network.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_network.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_network.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_network.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_network.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_network_view.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_network_view.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_network_view.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_network_view.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_network_view.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_network_view.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_nsgroup.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_nsgroup.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_nsgroup.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_nsgroup.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_nsgroup.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_nsgroup.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_nsgroup.py validate-modules:missing-suboption-docs
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_nsgroup.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_nsgroup.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_ptr_record.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_ptr_record.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_ptr_record.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_ptr_record.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_ptr_record.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_ptr_record.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_srv_record.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_srv_record.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_srv_record.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_srv_record.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_srv_record.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_srv_record.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_txt_record.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_txt_record.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_txt_record.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_txt_record.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_txt_record.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_txt_record.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_zone.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_zone.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_zone.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_zone.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_zone.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_zone.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/nios/nios_zone.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/net_tools/nsupdate.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/net_tools/nsupdate.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/net_tools/omapi_host.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/notification/cisco_webex.py validate-modules:invalid-argument-name
plugins/modules/notification/grove.py validate-modules:invalid-argument-name
plugins/modules/notification/grove.py validate-modules:nonexistent-parameter-documented
plugins/modules/notification/mail.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/notification/nexmo.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/notification/office_365_connector_card.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/notification/pushbullet.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/notification/pushbullet.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/notification/rocketchat.py validate-modules:no-default-for-required-parameter
plugins/modules/notification/rocketchat.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/notification/sendgrid.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/notification/slack.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/notification/twilio.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/packaging/language/bundler.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/packaging/language/composer.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/packaging/language/maven_artifact.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/packaging/language/maven_artifact.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/packaging/language/pip_package_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/packaging/os/apt_rpm.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/packaging/os/homebrew.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/packaging/os/homebrew_cask.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/packaging/os/opkg.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/packaging/os/pacman.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/packaging/os/redhat_subscription.py validate-modules:mutually_exclusive-unknown
plugins/modules/packaging/os/redhat_subscription.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/packaging/os/redhat_subscription.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/packaging/os/slackpkg.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/packaging/os/urpmi.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/packaging/os/xbps.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/remote_management/cobbler/cobbler_sync.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/remote_management/cobbler/cobbler_sync.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/cobbler/cobbler_system.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/remote_management/cobbler/cobbler_system.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/dellemc/idrac_server_config_profile.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/remote_management/dellemc/idrac_server_config_profile.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/dellemc/ome_device_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/foreman/foreman.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/foreman/katello.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/foreman/katello.py yamllint:unparsable-with-libyaml
plugins/modules/remote_management/hpilo/hpilo_boot.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/remote_management/hpilo/hpilo_boot.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/hpilo/hpilo_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/hpilo/hponcfg.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/imc/imc_rest.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/ipmi/ipmi_boot.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/remote_management/ipmi/ipmi_boot.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/remote_management/ipmi/ipmi_boot.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/ipmi/ipmi_power.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/remote_management/ipmi/ipmi_power.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/remote_management/ipmi/ipmi_power.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/lxca/lxca_cmms.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/remote_management/lxca/lxca_nodes.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/remote_management/manageiq/manageiq_alert_profiles.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/manageiq/manageiq_policies.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/manageiq/manageiq_policies.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/remote_management/manageiq/manageiq_provider.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/remote_management/manageiq/manageiq_provider.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/remote_management/manageiq/manageiq_provider.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/remote_management/manageiq/manageiq_provider.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/remote_management/manageiq/manageiq_provider.py validate-modules:invalid-ansiblemodule-schema
plugins/modules/remote_management/manageiq/manageiq_provider.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/manageiq/manageiq_provider.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/manageiq/manageiq_tags.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/manageiq/manageiq_tags.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_datacenter_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_datacenter_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_datacenter_info.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_enclosure_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_enclosure_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_enclosure_info.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_ethernet_network.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_ethernet_network.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_ethernet_network_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_ethernet_network_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_ethernet_network_info.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_fc_network.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_fc_network.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_fc_network.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_fc_network.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_fc_network_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_fc_network_info.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_fcoe_network.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_fcoe_network.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_fcoe_network.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_fcoe_network_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_fcoe_network_info.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_logical_interconnect_group.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_logical_interconnect_group.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_logical_interconnect_group.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_logical_interconnect_group_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_logical_interconnect_group_info.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_network_set.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_network_set.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_network_set.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_network_set_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_network_set_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_network_set_info.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_san_manager.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_san_manager.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_san_manager_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/oneview/oneview_san_manager_info.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/redfish/idrac_redfish_command.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/redfish/idrac_redfish_config.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/redfish/idrac_redfish_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/redfish/redfish_command.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/redfish/redfish_config.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/remote_management/redfish/redfish_config.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/redfish/redfish_info.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/remote_management/stacki/stacki_host.py validate-modules:doc-choices-do-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/remote_management/stacki/stacki_host.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/remote_management/stacki/stacki_host.py validate-modules:no-default-for-required-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/stacki/stacki_host.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/remote_management/stacki/stacki_host.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/remote_management/wakeonlan.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/source_control/bzr.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/source_control/git_config.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/source_control/git_config.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/source_control/github/github_deploy_key.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/source_control/github/github_deploy_key.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/source_control/github/github_deploy_key.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/source_control/github/github_hooks.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/source_control/github/github_issue.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/source_control/github/github_issue.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/source_control/github/github_key.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/source_control/github/github_release.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/source_control/github/github_release.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/source_control/github/github_webhook.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
plugins/modules/source_control/github/github_webhook.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/source_control/github/github_webhook_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/source_control/gitlab/gitlab_deploy_key.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/source_control/gitlab/gitlab_hook.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/source_control/gitlab/gitlab_runner.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/source_control/gitlab/gitlab_runner.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/source_control/hg.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/source_control/hg.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/emc/emc_vnx_sg_member.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/emc/emc_vnx_sg_member.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/glusterfs/gluster_heal_info.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/glusterfs/gluster_peer.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/storage/glusterfs/gluster_peer.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/storage/glusterfs/gluster_peer.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/glusterfs/gluster_volume.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/storage/glusterfs/gluster_volume.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/ibm/ibm_sa_domain.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/ibm/ibm_sa_domain.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/storage/ibm/ibm_sa_host.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/ibm/ibm_sa_host.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/storage/ibm/ibm_sa_host_ports.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/ibm/ibm_sa_host_ports.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/storage/ibm/ibm_sa_pool.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/ibm/ibm_sa_pool.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/storage/ibm/ibm_sa_vol.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/ibm/ibm_sa_vol.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/storage/ibm/ibm_sa_vol_map.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/ibm/ibm_sa_vol_map.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_aggregate.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_aggregate.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_license.py validate-modules:incompatible-default-type
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_license.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_lun.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_lun.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_qtree.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_qtree.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_svm.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_svm.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_user.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_user.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_user_role.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_user_role.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_volume.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_volume.py validate-modules:no-default-for-required-parameter
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_volume.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_cdot_volume.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_ontap_gather_facts.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_ontap_gather_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_ontap_gather_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/na_ontap_gather_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/sf_account_manager.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/sf_account_manager.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/sf_check_connections.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/sf_snapshot_schedule_manager.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/sf_snapshot_schedule_manager.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/sf_snapshot_schedule_manager.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/sf_volume_access_group_manager.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/sf_volume_access_group_manager.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/sf_volume_access_group_manager.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/sf_volume_manager.py validate-modules:doc-missing-type
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/sf_volume_manager.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/sf_volume_manager.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/netapp/sf_volume_manager.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/storage/purestorage/purefa_facts.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/storage/purestorage/purefa_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/storage/purestorage/purefa_facts.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/storage/purestorage/purefb_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/storage/purestorage/purefb_facts.py validate-modules:return-syntax-error
plugins/modules/storage/zfs/zfs.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/zfs/zfs_delegate_admin.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/storage/zfs/zfs_delegate_admin.py validate-modules:parameter-list-no-elements
plugins/modules/storage/zfs/zfs_delegate_admin.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/zfs/zfs_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/storage/zfs/zpool_facts.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/system/aix_devices.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/system/alternatives.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/system/beadm.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/system/cronvar.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/system/dconf.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/system/filesystem.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/system/gconftool2.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/system/gconftool2.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/system/interfaces_file.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/system/iptables_state.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/system/java_cert.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/system/launchd.py use-argspec-type-path  # False positive
plugins/modules/system/lvg.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/system/lvol.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/system/osx_defaults.py validate-modules:doc-required-mismatch
plugins/modules/system/osx_defaults.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/system/parted.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/system/parted.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/system/puppet.py use-argspec-type-path
plugins/modules/system/puppet.py validate-modules:parameter-invalid
plugins/modules/system/puppet.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/system/puppet.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/system/runit.py validate-modules:doc-default-does-not-match-spec
plugins/modules/system/runit.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/system/runit.py validate-modules:undocumented-parameter
plugins/modules/system/timezone.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/system/xfconf.py validate-modules:parameter-state-invalid-choice
plugins/modules/web_infrastructure/jenkins_plugin.py use-argspec-type-path
plugins/modules/web_infrastructure/rundeck_acl_policy.py pylint:blacklisted-name
plugins/modules/web_infrastructure/sophos_utm/utm_network_interface_address.py validate-modules:parameter-type-not-in-doc
plugins/modules/web_infrastructure/sophos_utm/utm_proxy_exception.py validate-modules:doc-elements-mismatch
scripts/inventory/gce.py pylint:blacklisted-name
tests/unit/plugins/modules/cloud/google/test_gcp_forwarding_rule.py future-import-boilerplate
tests/unit/plugins/modules/cloud/google/test_gcp_forwarding_rule.py metaclass-boilerplate
tests/utils/shippable/check_matrix.py replace-urlopen
tests/utils/shippable/timing.py shebang
